listen 2019 starting off with a cold for
LME's so if I started sounding like
Kendrick Lamar and I Monalisa verse I
apologize in advance however regardless
of me going through puberty it's my job
to cover these movies for you and get
these videos out the same way they got
this movie out first thing this year now
I know the stigma for January movies
Hollywood knows the holidays are over
most studios are focusing on their oscar
runs there's snow out so everyone's
inside so it's usually just the Dookie
releases that come out you know with a
couple paddington sprinkled in but I'll
be honest escape route was a rented for
me and considering the latest news
reports it kind of makes it even scarier
I do hate the ending though I don't
think the acting is that great but this
is like that movie that would have been
released in late August even though it
was meant to be for Halloween let me
explain so like I said last year or
horror movies just took every game board
game and now it seems to work outing
social that they possibly can in order
to make content but if there's one movie
I found this to be most similar to it
would be hell fest both are survival of
the fittest trailers that go all-out
with the production design and both kind
of push kids to either go to haunted
houses and I'm pretty sure a bunch of
people are not gonna go to escape rooms
I'm just hoping that they don't make a
horror movie that ruins movie theaters
for people so pretty much you have a
group of six who individually get this
little box puzzle that they need to
solve but regardless of how far they get
with it they all get the invite anyways
the invite pretty much tells them to go
to the state of the art escape room
where they can win a bunch of money but
what's interesting about it is that the
studio themselves are hosting their own
virtual escape room online where you two
can win 1 million dollars yeah right not
falling for that I love how this is
practically TV star is the movie
y'all know Karen from daredevil Lauren's
from insecure Benny from The Walking
Dead sigh he'd from a typical Judy from
lost in space and of course Tucker who's
you know reaped a couple they all
arrived at this building where they get
their phones confiscated and they don't
even realize that the waiting room
they're in is already the escape room
now to me the whole premise is really
interesting because I do like escape
rooms and I personally really love this
movie called exam which if you haven't
seen an escape room is kind of up your
alley definitely go watch that one but
what's interesting is how much it
correlates to real life cuz you have
Danny who's played 93 escape rooms so
he's the genius when it comes to
figuring out
what to do but just like escape rooms
you had all the other people who are
just touching things Zoey thinks
Fahrenheit 451 is a code so when she
inputs it she doesn't realize that the
room actually is turning into an oven
that's 451 degrees they figure out that
putting six cups on their coasters opens
up a vent for them to leave but because
they don't have enough hands to put
everything down they do this whole bit
where they're trying to fill it up with
water and I'm just sitting there going
like Brad just put it put a book on top
of it either way that room blows up and
then you still there thinking that all
of it is just effects immersive they end
up in a cabin in the woods where Logan
realizes that the passcode to escape
from there is Rudolph and that's when
things started getting pretty trippy you
know besides the production design which
i think is fantastic
shout out to ed thomas who did his best
making each room a freaking big
practical effect to me the background
story of why each was chosen was super
interesting it turns out that every
person in this room escaped death in
some way Zoe was the sole survivor of a
plane crash Ben of a car crash Amanda
from an AED Mike from a mining accident
Danny from carbon monoxide and still too
happy that all his family died and Jason
who was shipwrecked and drowned and
decided to choke out the other dude in
order to get his fake Canada Goose
jacket so it's kind of like final
destination where they cheated death and
now it's coming back to get them but
it's also in the form of the Oh a where
it's a group that wants to exploit how
lucky these guys got and escaped death
once and now wants to see if they could
do it again with their maze they end up
on the set of the shack for the third
room and legit have to melts a key that
they fished out but then
in the water that day I was ready to
give up but then I hear this voice is
telling me go back either I'm nuts or
God's talking to you but I don't believe
in God so I guess they can die there one
down when they enter the newest room
which is hands down my favorite
it's practically this upside down bar
that acts like a Tower of Terror cuz it
keeps going up levels they're trying to
figure out the clues while the floors
are dropping out like musical chairs
they're playing that song from lost when
we met Desmond so I'll admit I have a
bias and while this one has the best
clue of the movie it also has the best
set piece where Caryn has two ninja
warrior' her way across the room only to
die like a boss sacrificing yourself so
that the rest can move on the final four
then find himself in a hospital room
that has all of the records and we see
where they all came from and they have
to mess with this EKG machine which this
was the dumbest part of the movie in my
mind Jason ends up electrocuting Mike
because he thinks that his heart rate
needs to be really high and he just
kills Mike he then pulls his Goku stunt
to get his harder than even 50 beats to
open up the door the whole thing I
thought was kind of dumb either way it
allows these two to go to the next room
ah so he stays behind killing herself
Jason randomly keeps his shirt off which
I see yo I saw him secure I know he's
the only one in the show who isn't dead
this fingerprint room gets them high off
peyote or something because this whole
clip starts getting super trippy it's
like they just dropped a much dank
effects on this thing they're trying to
find the antidote while they're super
high these two fights Ben ends up
winning killing the other dude as he's
the only survivor ready to cash in turns
out Zoey was pulling a Westworld
she pretended to die in the previous
room so when the cleanup room came in to
pull a 23-19 she would enact a modern
escape she rushes through the building
and finds the final room where Ben is
and we meet the dude behind it all
a nobody and we do learn that it's
actually a much bigger organization
that's hosting several mazes and they're
actually stationed in New York they
scope out people who've escaped to death
they bade them to sign up then
supposedly broadcast our escape journey
to viewers who pay big money for the
real thing but I'm just not a fan of
where they keep like a mysterious figure
the real head honcho who's behind it all
and
well why is he something serious if when
you finally reveal him he's still gonna
be a nobody does now I'm not saying that
it has to be the about go corporation
doing another experiment that it has to
be jigsaw or one of his a thousand
accomplices but I wish there was more to
the company I wish we knew more about
them which I guess is why they want to
make a sequel at the end of the movie we
practically get this prologue where
these two are the only survivors and the
police straight up dismiss everything
that they told them because they went
and they checked one room and they're
like see nothing was here even though
there was an entire building that went
stories high like are you telling me
that this corporation just fiddler on
the roof themselves out of there that
fast six months passed and the
corporation finds a way to fake the
deaths of all the other players as the
girl reads off their obituaries on a
newspaper and she decides that once she
knows that they're located in New York
she's going to fly to their offices and
forces Benny to go with her since he
also forced Simon out but little does
she realize that the plane she's about
to take over it's just another escape
room with higher challenges that they've
planned for her okay I do got a little
bit more to say I do want to give this
movie credit for the details right like
yeah there's Courtney anagrams that they
do like the whole time that you're
seeing doctor wound yo it just ends up
being a play on no way out but I really
like the Slumdog Millionaire spin of it
how they kind of wiped bared it with the
players each room was based off mistakes
that they made in the past or memories
of a traumatic event which was an
interesting way to mess with their
psyche as they're trying to figure out
how to get out of that room you know
there's several moments like in the
beginning where the guy at the front
tells a man to thank you for your
service and you realize later on that it
was because she served in Iraq there's
the moments where Amanda says do I know
you from TV and we realize it was
because Zoey was kind of famous from the
crash the Chicago Mayor newspaper that
reads five burn alive isn't only
traumatic because Amanda herself got
burnt but even kind of scarier when you
again look at what happened in real life
recently the compass for so we being the
one thing that she had after the
accident the Huskie Mike sees that has
two different colored eyes the jacket
that this guy fought for the magazine
covers that display all the rooms before
they even hit them a bunch of cool stuff
I even like the final destination filled
with the plane set by oh the
acting on that final clip like you know
the acting is bad when it sounds dubbed
and it's not I'm still laughing at how
the girl or whoever else is controlling
the game put the final room manager as a
player lady to put him up on screen like
it was super smash and then crossed him
off when he died I just it's just one of
those things where it was clear that
they wanted to leave a cliffhanger in
order to get a sequel but if this was
supposed to be like a real escape room
then once the movie ended they should
have told you everything you needed to
know and also cuz y'all might not get
greenlit for the next one so now we're
just gonna be left hanging thank you
guys for checking out this video again
apologies for my voice completely being
gone we're traveling to the west coast
right now and I'm just I almost was
gonna be able to record this but it was
either try to get this one out or just
have like probably a week or two I don't
know how long it's gonna be I know I'm
sounding like Mike Wazowski is boss with
the voice right now but I hopefully it's
not too irritating I'm curious to know
you guys thoughts down below in the
comment section for this movie let me
know your thoughts down below like I
said I enjoyed it there's a bunch of bad
stuff on there I hate that they made a
Lawrence cuz to me Lawrence is like
black Chuck like he looks just like him
he's such a likeable actor he's such a
nice dude so to see him try to play like
the dick in this movie made no sense it
was like a line that he says about like
making fun of someone's One Direction
CDs is like brown wood you know
everyone's got like a One Direction CD
it wasn't that bad so I'm miss casting
in the movie that didn't work for me I
wish it they would have wrapped it up a
little bit better very nice set pieces
but the overall story I didn't fully
work for me but I'm curious your
thoughts I do think it's interesting
that originally this movie was called
just the maze maybe they didn't want to
fight The Maze Runner or it could be
because of the escape rooms were more
popular that they changed it to that
because the director himself had never
even done an escape room until he
started doing this movie so that's
pretty interesting occasion are your
thoughts definitely let me know whether
you liked it whether you didn't don't
forget to comment like and subscribe and
I'll give you your next clue